chore(README): archival announcement (#3183)
op-rs/kona: README.md

  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

# 🚧 Important information

> `Kona` is being moved to `https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism`. Once `https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/pull/18569` gets merged, `op-rs` operations are going to be transferred over `ethereum-optimism/optimism`.

Author: ```suggestion
We have taken the decision to move `Kona` to `https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism`. Once `https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/pull/18569` gets merged, `op-rs` operations are going to be transferred to `ethereum-optimism/optimism`.

This repository will get archived mid January 2026.

See you in https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism!
```
